docs: Revert "docs: haw-v25" (#2844)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/how-arbitrum-works/04-state-transition-function/05-arbos.mdx

---
title: 'A gentle introduction'
description: 'Learn the fundamentals of Nitro, Arbitrum stack.'
author: petevielhaber
sme: Mehdi

> user_story: As a current or prospective Arbitrum user, I need learn more about Nitros design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user_story: As a current or prospective Arbitrum user, I need learn more about ArbOS.
```
